Replace link https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/cni-increase-ip-addresses.html (#1105)
awsdocs/amazon-eks-user-guide: latest/ug/networking/cni-increase-ip-addresses.adoc

* Each Amazon EC2 instance type supports a maximum number of Pods. If your managed node group consists of multiple instance types, the smallest number of maximum Pods for an instance in the cluster is applied to all nodes in the cluster.
* By default, the maximum number of `Pods` that you can run on a node is 110, but you can change that number. If you change the number and have an existing managed node group, the next AMI or launch template update of your node group results in new nodes coming up with the changed value.

> * When transitioning from assigning IP addresses to assigning IP prefixes, we recommend that you create new node groups to increase the number of available IP addresses, rather than doing a rolling replacement of existing nodes. Running Pods on a node that has both IP addresses and prefixes assigned can lead to inconsistency in the advertised IP address capacity, impacting the future workloads on the node. For the recommended way of performing the transition, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/best-practices/prefix-mode-linux.html[Replace all nodes during migration from Secondary IP mode to Prefix Delegation mode or vice versa] in the Amazon EKS best practices guide.

Reviewer: Nice catch! Oh, we can use the "internal" link form for these now that the BPG is hosted here.

```suggestion
* When transitioning from assigning IP addresses to assigning IP prefixes, we recommend that you create new node groups to increase the number of available IP addresses, rather than doing a rolling replacement of existing nodes. Running Pods on a node that has both IP addresses and prefixes assigned can lead to inconsistency in the advertised IP address capacity, impacting the future workloads on the node. For the recommended way of performing the transition, see link:eks/latest/best-practices/prefix-mode-linux.html[Prefix Delegation mode for Linux, type="documentation"] in the _Amazon EKS Best Practices Guide_.
```
